Create a documentation package for Docker image (#14765)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow/installation.rst

.. note::

>     Airflow is also distributed as a Docker image (OCI Image). Consider using it to guarantees that software will always run the same no matter where it’s deployed. For more information, see: :doc:`docker-stack:index`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Airflow is also distributed as a Docker image (OCI Image). Consider using it to guarantee that software will always run the same no matter where it is deployed. For more information, see: :doc:`docker-stack:index`.
```
